Update front page documentation (#21)
apluslms/course-templates: introduction/0X_gallery.rst

Front page
----------

> .. figure:: /images/gallery/aplus-front-page.png

Reviewer: Can you add an `alt` attribute to the image?

> The above image shows an example screenshot of the front page of `A+ at Aalto University

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above image shows an example of the front page of `A+ at Aalto University
```

The image is a screenshot, the screenshot shows an example.

> <https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/>`_. The front page has two sections. The above sections shows 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/>`_. The front page has two sections. The upper sections shows 
```

I think upper and lower makes sense, unless it's above or below something else.

> all course instances, that the logged-in user has currently enrolled in, is teaching 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
course instances which the logged-in user is currently; enrolled in, teaching 
```

> or assisting. The bottom-section shows all ongoing and recently ended courses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or assisting. The lower section shows all ongoing and recently ended courses.
```

> Each course has optional logo image, name, instance name, course code and teaching time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each course has optional image, name, instance name, course code and teaching schedule. 
```
The image isn't really a logo.

All courses have a green "Aalto" tag to indicate that the course is for Aalto University students. 

> The Datastructures and Algorithms -course has also a blue "MOOC" tag to indicate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Data Structures and Algorithms" -course has also a blue "MOOC" tag to indicate 
```

> the course is also a massive open online course. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the course is also a massive open online course. 
```

Front page
----------

.. figure:: /images/gallery/aplus-front-page.png
   :alt: Front page of A+

The above image shows an example of the front page of `A+ at Aalto University
<https://plus.cs.aalto.fi/>`_. The front page has two sections. The upper section shows
course instances which the logged-in user is currently; enrolled in, teaching
or assisting. The lower section shows all ongoing and recently ended courses.

Each course has optional image, name, instance name, course code and teaching schedule. 
All courses have a green "Aalto" tag to indicate that the course is for Aalto University students. 

> "The Data Structures and Algorithms" -course has also a blue "MOOC" tag to indicate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Data Structures and Algorithms" -course has also a blue "MOOC" tag to indicate
```

that the course is also a massive open online course. 
Sections `7.1 Settings a course on production servers
<../m07_admin/01_setup>`_

> and `7.2 Course settings <../m07_admin/02_settings>`_ describe these in detail.

Reviewer 2: Now, that you are updating this specific page. Could you fix the internal references?
```suggestion
and :doc:`7.2 Course settings</admin/02_settings>` describe these in detail.
```

Author: Done
